{% include comparison-note-boilerplate.md %}

### Profile specific implementation guidance
- Implementers need to be consider narrative content expectations and considerations, see the guidance in IPS [Narrative Content Guidance](https://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU2/Design-Conventions.html#narrative-content-guidance) for more information.
- Implementers need to be aware of the requirements for representing missing data, empty sections, known absence of data:
   - Where data is missing for an element within a resource and the reason is not known (for example, the onset date of a particular allergy is not available in the system and the system does not know the reason for the absence), systems **SHALL** implement the requirements of the [Missing Data](general-requirements.html#missing-data) section.
   - Where data is missing for a section and the reason is not known (for example, where a source system does not have information on a patient's allergies), systems **SHALL** implement the requirements of the [Empty Sections](general-requirements.html#empty-sections) section.
   - Where data is not available due to a known workflow reason (for example, allergies were not reviewed and are unknown), systems **SHOULD** implement the requirements of the [Known Absence of Data Due to Workflow](general-requirements.html#known-absence-of-data-due-to-workflow) section.
   - When stating "no known X" or "no history of X" (for example, that a patient has no known allergies or is not currently taking any medications), systems **SHOULD** implement the guidance of the [No Known X](general-requirements.html#no-known-x) section.
- The Medication Summary is expressed as a list of MedicationStatements or MedicationRequests. Guidance on medications lists is available in IPS [Medication Lists in the IPS](https://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU2/Design-Conventions.html#medication-lists-in-the-ips).
- Implementers populating a section entry with an unprofiled resoure type, e.g. MedicationAdministration, are recommended to consider the corresponding [AU Base](https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-base/) profile, e.g. [AU Base MedicationAdministration](https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-base/StructureDefinition-au-medicationadministration.html), as guidance for that resource type in an Australian healthcare context.
- Implementers populating 'additional' sections are recommended to ensure there is some definition available in a specification describing the intended contents and use of any additional sections. See [Extensibility – 'Additional' Sections](general-guidance.html#extensibility--additional-sections) for more guidance.
- The patient summary document may be constructed by a human or an automated process, regardless of whether the patient summary contains some content of both kinds. In all instances, document level authorship information is required. As per the guidance in [IPS](https://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU2/Design-Conventions.html#provenance):
   - The distinction between the two types of IPS, human-curated or software-assembled, is based on the authors recorded in the composition: the author will be a human (e.g. Practitioner), if the IPS provenance type is "human-curated", or a device if the IPS provenance type is "software-assembled". In the case of a software-assembled IPS that is then verified by a human, the document provenance type will be "software-assembled" and the author will be the device or system that constructed the IPS document, but an additional attester identity will name the human who performed this check.
   - Additional provenance information below the document level is optional. There are no Provenance profiles currently defined by this guide, IPS or AU Core.
- 


